Memorable Quotes from Futurama:

[First lines of the series.] 
Fry: [offscreen] Space. It seems to go on and on forever. 
But then you get to the end and a gorilla starts throwing 
barrels at you. 
 
Fry: That's the saltiest thing I ever tasted, and I once ate 
a big heaping bowl of salt! 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You look like a woman who 
appreciates the finer things in life. Come over here and feel 
my velour bedspread. 
 
[Zapp Brannigan offers Leela some champagne.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Cham-paggin? 
Leela: I didn't realize you were such a "coin-asseur." 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Well, I have studied abroad... or 
two! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Ah, to be young again... 
and a robot. 
 
Leela: We're going to deliver this crate like professionals. 
Fry: Aww, can't we just dump it in the sewer and say we 
delivered it? 
Bender: Too much work! I say we burn it, then *say* we 
dumped it in the sewer! 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I have made it with a woman! 
Inform the crew! 
 
Leela: I know you like cooking shows, but you're a robot. 
You don't even have a sense of taste! 
Bender: Honey, I wouldn't talk about taste if I was wearing 
a lime green tank top. 
 
Fry: It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the 
octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying 
acorns for the winter, while the octopus mooched off his 
girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and 
the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. 
And also he got a racecar. Is any of this getting through to 
you? 
 
Bender: Fry, of all the friends I've had... you're the first. 
 
Fry: What if I don't want to be a delivery boy? 
Leela: Then you'll be fired... 
Fry: Fine! 
Leela: ...out of a cannon, into the sun. 
 
[After being kicked out of a theme park.] 
Bender: Forget your stupid theme park! I'm gonna make my 
own! With hookers! And blackjack! In fact, forget the 
theme park! 
 
Mayor of New New York City: Whoa! You can't just find 
garbage lying in the streets of Manhattan! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Now that you're our new 
employees, I'd like you to have a look at our commercial. I 
paid to have it aired during the Super Bowl. 
Fry: Wow! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Of course, not on the same 
channel. 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: Now open that mouth and lets have a look at 
that brain. 
[Fry opens his mouth] 
Dr. Zoidberg: No, not that mouth, the other mouth. 
Fry: I only have one mouth. 
Dr. Zoidberg: Really... 
Fry: Uh... could I see a HUMAN doctor? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Now listen young lady, I know everything 
there is about humans. 
 
Bender: I hate people who love me. And they hate me. 
 
[Bender is watching a cooking show, when Fry and Leela 
come in, and Bender turns off the TV] 
Leela: What were you watching Bender? 
Bender: It was... ah porno, that's right, porno. 
[Fry turns the tv back on] 
Leela: Ah Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking, that's 
sweet. 
Bender: Well I-- 
Fry: I like cooking too. 
Bender: Pansy. 
 
Amy Wong: Leela's gonna kill me. 
Bender: Naw, she'll probably have me do it. 
 
Fry: No, Professor, don't give up! There were plenty of 
times in my century when I was going to give up, but I 
never did, never! Hey, are you even listening to me? Oh, I 
give up. 
 
Fry: Did you build the Smelloscope? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: No, I remembered that I'd 
built one last year. Go ahead, try it. You'll find that every 
heavenly body has its own particular scent. Here, I'll point 
it at Jupiter. 
Fry: Smells like strawberries. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Exactly! And now, now 
Saturn. 
Fry: Pine needles! Oh, man, this is great... hey, as long as 
you don't make me smell Uranus! 
Leela: I don't get it. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but 
astronomers renamed Uranus in 2620 to end that stupid 
joke once and for all. 
Fry: Oh. What's it called now? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Urrectum. Here, let me 
locate it for you. 
Fry: No, no, I, I think I'll just smell around a bit over here. 
 
Fry: Hey, you have no right to criticize the 20th century! 
We gave the world the light bulb, the steam boat and the 
cotton gin. 
Leela: Those things are all from the 19th century. 
Fry: Yeah, well, they probably just copied us. 
 
Hermes Conrad: Okay, captain, this is just a standard legal 
release, protecting Planet Express from lawsuits in the 
event of the unforeseen. 
Leela: [reading] "Death by airlock failure..." 
Hermes Conrad: Mm-hm. 
Leela: "...death by brain parasite..." 
Hermes Conrad: Yah. 
Leela: "...death by sonic diarrhea..." 
Hermes Conrad: Oho, you don't want that. 
Leela: Look, I don't know about your previous captains, but 
I intend to do as little dying as possible. 
Hermes Conrad: Ohohohohohohoho!.... Sign the paper. 
 
Fry: Can I do the countdown? 
Leela: Huh? Oh, sure. Knock yourself out. 
Fry: Ten! 
[ship takes off] 
Fry: Nine! 
[ship reaches the moon] 
Leela: Okay, we're here. 
Fry: [quietly] Eightsevensixfivefourthreetwooneblastoff. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: If it is alien, we must destroy it! 
Kif Kroker: Umm, not me sir.... 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Right. Nobody destroy Kif. Unless 
you have to. 
 
Glurmo: That concludes the portion of the tour where you 
stay alive! 
 
[Discussion of the mysterious Slurm Cola.] 
Leela: This all must have something to do with the secret 
ingredient! 
Fry: My God, what if the secret ingredient is people? 
Leela: No, there's already a soda like that -- Soylent Cola. 
Fry: Oh. How is it? 
Leela: It varies from person to person. 
 
Leela: I've never seem anyone so addicted to Slurm. 
Fry: This is nothing. In high school, I used to drink a 
hundred cans of Cola a week, right up to my third heart 
attack. 
 
[Bender is sick.] 
Amy Wong: You should try homeopathic medicine, Bender. 
Try some zinc! 
Bender: I am forty percent zinc! 
Amy Wong: Then take some echinacea, or St. John's Wort! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Or a bit fat placebo! It's all 
the same crap! 
 
Leela: Oh, God, not Zapp Brannigan! 
Dr. Zoidberg: You know Zapp Brannigan? 
Leela: Let's just say we've crossed paths. 
Bender: Was that before or after you slept with him? 
 
Bender: Wait, my cheating unit malfunctioned! You've 
gotta give me a do-over! 
Craps dealer: Sorry -- house limit is three do-overs. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm getting the Captain's Itch. 
Kif Kroker: I'll get the powder, sir. 
 
[Fry and Leela pretend to be involved to ward off Zapp.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: But as a gentleman, I must warn 
you, if you so much as glance at another woman, I'll be on 
Leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure. 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Thank God there were 
plenty of escape pods! We won't have to dress up like 
women and children! 
 
[The escape pod is too slow.] 
Leela: Something's wrong. We're two metric tons 
overweight. 
Amy Wong: Well, it's not ME. 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: It's a little experiment that 
might win me the Nobel Prize. 
Leela: In which field? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: I don't care -- they all pay 
the same. 
 
[About Mars University] 
Leela: They planted traditional college foliage: ivy, trees, 
hemp... 
 
Leela: You went to college? 
Bender: Of course. I'm a bender. I went to Bending 
College; I majored in Bending. 
Fry: What was your minor? 
Bender: Robo-American Studies. 
 
Gearshift: No, Bender, wait! We're the lamest frat on 
campus. Even Hillel has better parties than us! Please, 
you've gotta stay and teach us how to be cool. 
Bender: Hmmm... okay, but I'll need ten kegs of beer, a 
continuous tape of "Louie, Louie," and a regulation two-
story panty-raid ladder. 
 
[Gunther the Monkey runs away.] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Oh, I always feared he 
would run off like this! Why? WHY? WHY didn't I break his 
legs? 
 
[Fry reveals he told Gunther the Monkey to run away.] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: What? After I spent 
MONTHS slaving over a hot monkey brain? 
 
Fry: Wow! The jungles on Mars look like the jungles on 
Earth! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Jungles? On Earth?! 
Hahahahaha!!! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: But what about your 
superintelligence? 
Gunther the Monkey: When I had that there was too much 
pressure to use it. All I want out of life is to be a monkey of 
moderate intelligence who wears a suit. That's why I've 
decided to transfer to Business School! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! 
 
Bender: That's no lady! 
Robot Drag Queen: Damn, chico. One more upgrade and I'll 
be more lady than you can handle! Why you so stupid, 
stupid? 
Bender: Hey, bite my shiny metal ass! 
Robot Drag Queen: You couldn't afford it, honey! 
 
Bender: Bite my shiny metal ass. 
Fry: It doesn't look so shiny to me. 
Bender: Shinier than yours, meatbag. 
 
[On turning Leela into a Slurm Queen.] 
Glurmo: But your Highness, she's a commoner! Her slurm 
will taste foul! 
Slurm Queen: Yes! Which is why we'll market it as "New 
Slurm"! Then when everyone hates it, we'll bring back 
"Slurm Classic," and make billions! 
 
Bender: There! This'll teach those filthy bastards who's 
lovable! 
 
Mutant: Please, do not be frightened, we're harmless! 
3 Armed Mutant: Hey, I've got three arms! 
Mutant: I said "harmless," not "armless." 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Now I'll simply tune it to 
Leela's emotional frequency. 
[Professor Farnsworth adjusts the empathy chip.] 
Bender: My God! I'm overcome with feelings. I'm 
experiencing a powerful yearning to... to cram my gullet 
full of mackerel heads. 
Dr. Zoidberg: That's me, baby. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Hmmm. 
[Professor Farnsworth readjusts the chip.] 
Bender: Now I'm worried I'm not as smart as Leela, but at 
the same time, I feel relieved I'm cuter than her. 
Amy Wong: Uuh, that's me. 
Fry: [Whispering to Amy] Thanks for covering. 
Bender: This time, I miss Nibbler, and I'm feeling nosy and 
opinionated. 
Amy Wong: Bingo! 
Hermes Conrad: That's Leela. 
 
Mutant: Our only hope is to offer him a snackrifice. 
3 Armed Mutant: Yes! An unspoiled virgin! 
Leela: I volunteer! 
Girl Mutant: Nice try, Leela, but we've all seen Zapp 
Brannigan's web site! 
 
Fry: If you care about Nibbler, stop caring about him! 
Leela: I can't! I love every living creature! 
Fry: Even me? 
Leela: As a friend. 
Fry: Damn! 
 
Mutant: This is our library. 
Bender: Nothing but crumpled porno and Ayn Rand. 
 
Leela: What are we delivering? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Something without which no 
ribbon-cutting ceremony could proceed: the ceremonial 
oversized scissors. 
Leela: We'll get them there as quickly as we can. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Alright, but don't run with 
them. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: It was almost the perfect crime, 
but you forgot the one thing: rock crushes scissors. 
[Suddenly thoughtful] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: But paper covers rock! And 
scissors cuts paper! Kif, we have a conundrum. 
 
[Zapp Brannigan and Kif were fired from DOOP.] 
Leela: Zapp? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela, I didn't know where else to 
turn. You're the only woman who's ever loved me. 
Leela: I never loved you. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I mean physically. 
Leela: What do you want? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Just let me work for a little food. 
Perhaps I could paint a fence, or service you sexually, or 
mop the floor! 
Leela: You don't know how to do ANY of those things. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif might. 
 
[Zapp mutinies against Leela.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela, you may be a formidable 
do-er of the nasty, but I'm forced to relieve you of your 
post. 
 
[Bender is mutinying against Leela and locking her in the 
laundry room.] 
Bender: Don't worry, Leela -- soon we'll be able to look on 
this and laugh. 
[Bender walks to the exit, turns around and laughs at her.] 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You know, boys, a good captain 
needs abilities like boldness, daring and a good velour 
uniform, and I'm not convinced Leela has ANY of those 
things. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Here's to us poor schmoes, 
working for the man. Even if he is a hot, sexy female man. 
 
Neutral Vice President: Your Neutralness, it's a beige alert! 
Neutral President: If I don't survive, tell my wife "Hello." 
 
Fry: Every Christmas my Mom would get a fresh goose, for 
gooseburgers, and my Dad would whip up his special 
eggnog out of bourbon and ice cubes. 
 
Bender: Let's face it, comedy is a dead art form. Now 
tragedy, ha ha ha, that's funny! 
 
Fry: This snow is beautiful! I'm glad global warming never 
happened. 
Leela: Actually, it did. But thank God nuclear winter 
canceled it out. 
 
Fry: I feel like a rat. Here I am whining like a pig while all 
along Leela is as lonely as a frog! 
 
Fry: I'm not a one-woman man. 
Leela: I'm sure you'll be back to zero soon enough. 
 
Fry: I have an idea! 
Leela: I have a better one! 
 
Bender: I can't see anything. Are we boned? 
Leela: We're boned. 
 
Fry: Good ol' Coney Island College. Go WhiteFish! 
 
Amy Wong: You just have to give guys a chance. 
Sometimes you meet a guy and think he's a pig, but then 
later on you realize he actually has a really good body. 
 
Bender: Leela, save me! And yourself I guess... and my 
banjo... and Fry! 
 
Bender: Ahhh, what an awful dream! Ones and zeroes 
everywhere... and I thought I saw a two! 
 
[Al Gore is playing Dungeons & Dragons] 
Al Gore: I'm a 12th level Vice President! 
 
[Fry enters naked into a steam room where Amy and Leela 
are bathing.] 
Fry: Co-ed steam rooms! I LOVE the future! 
Leela: Uh, Fry, you're in the women's steam room. 
Fry: Ahhh. Fu-tur-istic! 
Amy Wong: [indicating Fry's crotch] Psst. Look what life 
was like before genetic engineering. 
Leela: Those poor 20th century women. 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: You must take him to his 
ancient home world, which will soon erupt in an orgy of 
invertebrate sex. 
Fry: Oh baby! I'm THERE! 
Leela: Fry, do you even understand the word 
"invertebrate"? 
Fry: Nope, but that's not the word I'm interested in. 
 
[Dr. Zoidberg is preparing to look for a mate.] 
Dr. Zoidberg: How do I look? 
Bender: Like whale barf. 
Dr. Zoidberg: Then the illusion is complete! 
 
Fry: Ooh. "Big Pink." It's the only gum with the breath-
freshening power of ham. 
Bender: And it pinkens your teeth as you chew! 
 
7-11 Clerk: If for any reason you're not satisfied with our 
service, I hate you. 
 
[Fry and Bender are going off to war.] 
Hermes Conrad: I don't want you to worry about your jobs 
while you're away. That's why I'm firing you now. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I suffer from a very sexy learning 
disability. What do I call it, Kif? 
Kif Kroker: [groaning] Sexslexia. 
 
Kif Kroker: That new recruit is phenomenal, sir! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Yes! He edged out my old mark by 
two seconds... 
[Kif stares at him] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: ...and 16 minutes... 
[Kif rolls his eyes] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: ...and 12 hours... 
[Kif stares at him] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: ...I do plan to finish someday, Kif. 
 
Soldier: This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. 
Fry: And then the battle is not so bad? 
Soldier: Oh, right. I forgot about the battle. 
 
Kif Kroker: Mix these mixed nuts! I see two almonds 
touching! 
 
[A giant Bender is destroying New York City.] 
Amy Wong: There goes the neighborhood. 
[Boom!] 
Amy Wong: There goes another neighborhood. 
 
[Leela fantasizes she killed the Professor.] 
Bender: There's nothing wrong with murder, so long as you 
let Bender wet his beak. 
Leela: You're blackmailing me? 
Bender: Blackmail is just an ugly word. I prefer "extortion." 
The "X" makes it sound cool. 
 
Al Gore: To my left, you'll recognize Gary Gygax, inventor 
of Dungeons & Dragons. 
Gary Gygax: Greetings it's a... 
[rolls dice] 
Gary Gygax: ...pleasure to meet you. 
 
Al Gore: If we don't go back there and make that event 
happen, the entire universe will be destroyed. ...And as an 
environmentalist, I'm against that. 
 
Nichelle Nichols: Something's wrong. Murder isn't working, 
and that's all we're good at. 
 
[The universe has been destroyed.] 
Nichelle Nichols: Eternity with nerds. It's the Pasadena Star 
Trek convention all over again. 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: I want the tactile pleasure in cutting him 
here... 
[points his claw at Fry's neck] 
Dr. Zoidberg: ... in the gonads! 
Fry: [to crowd] Shhhhhh! Nobody correct him! 
 
Bender: Hey! What kind of party is this? There's no booze 
and only one hooker. 
 
[Everyone on Earth except Fry is moronically stupid.] 
Fry: What are we going to do? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Duh, I know, let's play the 
lottery. 
Amy Wong: No, let's buy internet stock. 
Dr. Zoidberg: On margin! Zoidbee wants to buy on margin. 
Hermes Conrad: [holding a board in front of his face] Look 
at me! I'm invisible. 
Fry: Wait a minute, I know what's going on here. You've all 
become idiots. 
Bender: Hey, let's go join the Reform party! 
Everyone: Yeah! 
 
Amy Wong: And Bender, your beer belly is so big your door 
won't even close -- and that doesn't even make sense! 
 
Amy Wong: Fool me seven times, shame on you. Fool me 
eight or more times, shame on me. 
 
[Zoidberg is trying to attract a mate.] 
Dr. Zoidberg: [screeching] Craw! 
Female: Keep your jelly away from my eggs! 
Dr. Zoidberg: [screeching] Craw! 
Female: [Valley Girl accent] I'm SO not interested. 
Dr. Zoidberg: [screeching] Craw? 
Female: [Black woman accent] Hmph. I've heard THAT line 
before. 
 
[Zoidberg is unsuccessful in attracting a mate] 
Leela: Why is Zoidberg the only one still alone? 
Bender: Because he's a loser, that's why. He's the lobster 
equivalent of Fry. 
 
Edna: I heard you went off and became a rich doctor. 
Dr. Zoidberg: [proudly] I've performed a few mercy killings. 
 
[Fry is being Zoidberg's Cyrano.] 
Fry: Start with a compliment. Tell her she looks thin. 
Dr. Zoidberg: [calling to Edna] You seem malnourished. Are 
you suffering from internal parasites? 
Edna: [pleased] Why, yes! Thanks for noticing! 
 
Fry: I just came to tell you Zoidberg is great. He's got male 
jelly coming out the wazoo. 
Edna: Well, that IS where it comes out... 
 
[Edna, one of Zoidberg's species, is chasing Fry 
romantically.] 
Edna: Teach me to love, you squishy poet from beyond the 
stars! 
Fry: [horrified] I'm flattered, really! If I was gonna do it 
with a big freaky mud bug, you'd be way up the list! 
Edna: Hush, you romantic fool! Engage your mandibles and 
kiss me! 
 
[Zoidberg has caught Fry in bed with Edna, a lobster alien.] 
Dr. Zoidberg: [enraged] Fry! I challenge you to 
"clawplach"! 
Fry: English, please? 
Dr. Zoidberg: A fight to the death! 
Edna: And if we survive, we'll make sweet love! 
[Fry pauses to think it over, then screams.] 
 
[The gang are going to see a movie.] 
Fry: Cool! How about this one? 
[Fry points at a poster - "GALAXY WARS"] 
Leela: Nah, I'm not in the mood for a historical 
documentary. 
 
The Masked Unit: I'm gonna open a file of whoop-ass on 
you! 
 
[Leela is mad at Bender for skipping practice.] 
Bender: Hey. Bender the Offender doesn't need YOU. 
Bender the Offender doesn't need ANYBODY? 
Girl Robot: What about us, Mr. The Offender? 
Bender: Well, obviously I need floozies. 
 
Billionaire Bot: You'll be the most unpopular robot fighter 
since Sargeant Feces Processor! 
 
Fry: Man, I thought Ultimate Robot Fighting was real, like 
pro wrestling, but it turns out it's fixed, like boxing. 
 
Leela: Bender, let's hit the gym. I'm gonna teach you to 
fight like a girl! 
Bender: [vengefully] I'll put on my tutu. 
 
George Foreman: This could be the most one-sided fight 
since 1973 when Ali faced an eighty-foot tall mechanical 
Joe Frazier. My memory isn't what it used to be, but I think 
the entire Earth was destroyed. 
 
Rich Little: [imitating Howard Cosell] The Vegas odds 
tonight stand at an unprecedented 1000 to 0. A bet of 
zero dollars on Bender pays 1000 dollars if he wins. Still, 
very few takers. 
 
[George Foreman introduces his fat-draining grill.] 
George Foreman: With its patented design, the fat drains 
directly into my mouth. 
 
Fnog: See you in Girl Hell! I'll be in Boy Hell -- much nicer! 
 
Leela: Cheating in a fake fight! That's low! 
 
[Fry and Leela meet.] 
Fry: Can I ask you a quesion? 
Leela: As long as it's not about my eye. 
Fry: Uhh.. 
Leela: Is it about my eye? 
Fry: Sort of. 
Leela: [sighs] Just ask the question. 
Fry: What's with the eye? 
Leela: I'm an alien. 
Fry: [excited] Cool, an alien! Has your race taken over the 
Earth? 
 
Suicide Booth: You are now dead. Thank you for using Stop 
and Drop, America's favorite Suicide Booth since 2008. 
 
Robot Policeman: I'm gonna get 24th century on his ass! 
 
Robot Policeman: If they try to take off, give 'em an ass 
full of laser. 
 
[Fry drops Nixon, spilling his head on the floor.] 
Richard Nixon: [angry] That's it! You just made my list! 
 
Fry: I'm never gonna get used to the 31st century. 
Caffineated bacon? Baconated grapefruit? ADMIRAL 
Crunch?! 
 
Amy Wong: Look, we're not as rich as everybody says. 
Leela: [dubiously] Uh huh. What sorority do you belong to? 
Amy Wong: Kappa Kappa Wong. 
 
TV Advertisement: Bachelor Chow... now with flavor! 
 
[Bender explains why he drinks so much.] 
Bender: Nah, I'm trying to watch my input. I need plenty of 
wholesome nutricious alcohol. The chemical energy keeps 
my fuel cells charged. 
Fry: What are the cigars for? 
Bender: They make me look cool. 
 
[Fry complains Bender's apartment is too small.] 
Bender: Not enough room?! My place is 2 cubic meters and 
we only take up 1.5 cubic meters. We've got room for a 
whole nother 2/3rds of a person! 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Mmm.. Welcome to my humble 
chamber or as I call it, "The Lovenasium". 
 
Fry: If you rule out every guy with a lizard tongue or a low 
IQ or an explosive violent temper, of course you're going 
to be lonely. 
 
[Amy wants to take Leela out to cheer her up.] 
Amy Wong: Let's all take her out tonight. There's lots of 
great places to meet people. 
Hermes Conrad: The Federal Sex Bureau! 
Bender: A saucy puppet show! 
Dr. Zoidberg: The rotting carcass of a whale! 
Amy Wong: Mmmmm...I'll pick. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: As my protégé you should know 
that the only way to deal with a female adversary is to 
seduce her. 
[Kif groans.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: This time we are sure she's a 
woman, right? 
Kif Kroker: YES! 
 
Fry: Wow, way to tell that guy off. Now what's your secret 
escape plan? 
Leela: Uhh..I guess to sit here and wait for death. 
Bender: [cheerfully] Can do! 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We have failed to uphold 
Brannigan's Law. However I did make it with a hot alien 
babe. And in the end, is that not what man has dreamt of 
since first he looked up at the stars? 
[pause] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm asking you a question! 
[Kif groans.] 
 
[Leela defends Nibbler.] 
Leela: Leave him alone. It's not his fault that he's an 
unstoppable killing machine! 
 
Leela: Didn't you have ads in the 21st century?" 
Fry: Well sure, but not in our dreams. Only on TV and 
radio, and in magazines, and movies, and at ball 
games..and on buses and milk cartons and t-shirts, and 
bananas and written on the sky. But not in dreams, no 
siree. 
 
[Fry is serving pizza with anchovies.] 
Fry: Ok my friends, get ready for the most delicious extinct 
animal you've ever tasted. 
Amy Wong: I don't know, I've had cow. 
 
Bender: That plot makes perfect sense. Wink, wink. 
Dr. Zoidberg: Bender, you said 'wink, wink' out loud. 
Bender: No I didn't. Raise middle finger. 
 
Calculon: [upset] Everyone walked out. They hated it. I've 
seen plagues that had better opening nights than this. You 
said that Oscar was practically on my mantle! 
Bender: Now you know why I used the qualifier 
"practically". 
 
[after the premiere screening of the movie] 
Calculon: Everyone walked out, they hated it! I've seen 
plagues that had better opening nights then this. 
 
Leela: Its some kind of hollow tube, devoid of human life. 
Gasp! The Los Angeles Subway! 
 
Oscar Presenter: And the nominees for Best Soft Drink 
Product Placement are... Star Trek: The Pepsi Generation, 
They Call Me Mr. Pibb, and Snow White and the Seven-ups! 
 
[Fry eats a bad egg sandwich.] 
Fry: It's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone's 
throwing up! 
 
[Fry threatens the parasites in his colon.] 
Fry: I hope Satan has a nice colon, 'cause that's where 
you're gonna be living! 
 
Bender: This is the worst kind of discrimination. The kind 
against me! 
 
[Fry's mother is giving birth.] 
Dad Fry: You can do it, honey. Squeeze one out for 
America! 
 
[Fry's just been born.] 
Doctor: It's a boy! And look at that red hair! 
Dad Fry: [angry] You sayin' my boy is a Commie?! 
 
Yancy Fry: I wanna be Phillip! Me Philip! Me Philip! 
Dad Fry: Son, your name is Yancy, just like me, and my 
grandfather, and so on, all the way back to Minuteman 
Yancy Fry, who blasted Commies in the American 
Revolution! 
 
[At the horse races.] 
Hermes Conrad: Come on, baby needs a new pair of 
shoes! 
Dr. Zoidberg: The hell with your spoiled baby! I need those 
shoes! 
 
[The group's at a horse race.] 
Fry: C'mon! C'mon! Hey, Leela, how about a kiss for good 
luck? 
[Leela gives him a quick peck on the cheek.] 
Fry: [disappointed] I meant tongue luck. 
 
Bender: Bending's my middle name! 
Fry: It is? 
Bender: Yes! It's Bender Bending Rodriguez! 
 
Fry: This was our storage closet. My Dad spent years 
turning it into a bomb shelter. 
Leela: [sadly] And yet you guys never had a single nuclear 
war. 
Bender: [sadly] What a waste. 
 
Fry: That clover helped my rat-faced brother steal my 
dream of going into space. Now I'll never get there. 
Leela: You went there this morning for doughnuts! 
 
Leela: They buried your brother in the World Heroes 
Section? Impressive. 
Fry: [jealous] *I* should be the one in that grave! 
 
[Bender and Leela are in a cemetery.] 
Bender: Grab a shovel. I'm one skull short of a 
Mouseketeer reunion. 
 
[Leela has beaten up Zapp Brannigan] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Oh god, I've never been so 
happy to be beaten up by a woman! 
Leela: Let's do it again sometime. 
 
[Fry and ex-girlfriend Michelle are at MOMA.] 
Fry: Nowadays, people aren't interested in art that isn't 
tattooed on fat guys. 
Fat Guy: I'm on loan from the Louvre. 
 
Michelle: Fry, why must you analyze everything with your 
relentless logic? 
 
[Fry and Michelle have traveled to a post-apocalyptic year 
4000.] 
Fry: Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament 
this. 
 
Fry: What's deathrolling? 
Kid tribe member: It's like skateboarding, but half the time 
someone dies. 
Fry: Oh! So it's a little safer than skateboarding. 
 
[after shrinking down to microscopic size in order to enter 
Fry's body, Zoidberg comes in riding a sperm.] 
Dr. Zoidberg: Yippy ki yay! Guess where I've been! 
 
[Zoidberg scrapes cholesterol off Fry's artery.] 
Dr. Zoidberg: It's good cholesterol, but it spreads like bad 
cholesterol! 
 
[Smart Fry visits Leela's apartment.] 
Fry: Apartment 1-I. The old me would make fun of that. 
 
Leela: I haven't felt this happy since Double Soup Tuesday 
at the orphanarium! 
 
[Fry attacks his own brain to get rid of parasites.] 
Parasite: No creature would voluntarily make an idiot of 
itself! 
Fry: Obviously, you've never been in love! 
 
[Bender is skiing down the wrong hill] 
Man: You can't ski there! 
Bender: Lick my frozen metal ass. 
 
[Fry, Bender, Zapp, and Kif have been captured by 
Amazons] 
Femputer: After lengthy femputations, I, Femputer, have 
decided the fate of the men. Femputer sentences them to 
death... 
[everyone gasps] 
Femputer: by snu-snu! 
Fry, Zapp, Bender: Yeah! Woo-hoo! 
[Kif starts sobbing] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [to Kif] What are you? Gay? 
 
Amazon: It time snu-snu! 
Fry: Can't we just cuddle? 
[Amazon grabs him] 
Fry: Nooooo! 
 
[After being assaulted by the sex-starved Amazons] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We need rest. The spirit is willing, 
but the flesh is spongy and bruised. 
 
[Aliens are attacking Earth] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Since this is an emergency, all 
robots will now have their patriotism circuits activated. 
[He engages Bender's circuit] 
Bender: It is every robot's duty to give his life for the good 
of humanity - 
[circuit deactivates] 
Bender: - Aw, crap! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Am I right, soldier? 
Bender: Well actually, I - 
[circuit activates] 
Bender: - Sir, yes sir! Sir! 
 
[Futurama in-show commercials] 
TV Announcer: Planet Express - Our crew is replaceable, 
your package isn't! 
TV Announcer: Futurama is brought to you by: Glagnar's 
Human Rinds - It's a buncha, muncha, cruncha... human. 
[crunch] 
TV Announcer: Lightspeed Briefs - Style and comfort for 
the discriminating crotch. 
 
Amy Wong: There, how do I look? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Like a cheap French harlot. 
Amy Wong: [disappointed] French? 
 
[Fry and co. are being terrorized by the robot Santa Claus] 
Fry: Please let us live. We'll put out milk and cookies for 
you! 
Robot Santa: You *dare* bribe Santa! I'm going to shove 
coal so far up your stocking you'll be coughing up 
diamonds!! 
 
[Nibblonians explain the Giant Brains.] 
Niblonian: They travel from world to world making everyone 
stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe. 
Leela: Wipe out all thought? My God, they're like flying 
televisions. 
 
[Nibbler explains the Giant Brains' plan.] 
Leela: You mean those giant brains are making everyone 
on Earth stupid? 
[Nibbler chatters.] 
Leela: Ooooooooooh. Stupid-ER. 
 
[at a shelter for homeless robots] 
Reporter: Is there anything sadder? Only drowning 
puppies. And there'd have to be a lot of them. 
 
[Bender is angry at Fry for dating a robot.] 
Bender: Stay away from our women! You've got metal 
fever, boy! Metal fever! 
 
[George Michael's head has been kidnapped.] 
George Michael: Please pick me up before you go-go? 
 
Fry: Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: [ecstatic] I'm going to a movie... with 
FRIENDS! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Above all else it is our 
responsibility to preserve the timeline. 
[Fry walks in] 
Fry: Well, I've killed my grandfather! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Whaaaaaaaa? 
Leela: Wait, if you killed your grandfather, why do you still 
exist? 
Fry: I don't know. Maybe God loves me. 
Bender: [Starts laughing maniacally] 
 
[Bender has a diffused bomb in his body that may go off if 
he uses the word "ass"] 
Bender: Oh, man. Not being able to use that word is going 
to be a giant pain in the ass. 
[gasps loudly, nothing happens.] 
Bender: Hey! I didn't blow up! Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, 
ass, ass, ass! 
 
Bender: I'll save me! 
 
Conan O'Brien: Listen, I may have lost my freakishly long 
legs in the war of 2012, but I have one thing you'll never 
have: A SOUL! 
Bender: [Scoffs] Pffft! 
Conan O'Brien: And freckles! 
Bender: [Cries] WAHHH! 
 
Mom: You broke my heart, Hubert. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: And you broke mine. 
Granted, that was four or five hearts ago. 
 
Robot Greeting Card: Come, Comrade Bender, we must 
take to the streets! 
Bender: Umm, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to 
the streets? 
Robot Greeting Card: No, the kind with looting! And maybe 
starting a few fires! 
Bender: Yes! In your face, Gandhi! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: And now I want to shout our 
love from the rooftops. Perhaps I'll breed some sort of 
albino shouting gorilla ... 
 
Fry: So you're saying these aren't the decaying ruins of 
New York in the year 4000? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: You wish. You're in Los 
Angeles. 
Fry: But there was this gang of ten-year-olds with guns. 
Leela: Exactly. You're in L.A. 
Fry: But everyone is driving around in cars shooting at 
each other. 
Bender: That's L.A. for you. 
Fry: But the air is green and there's no sign of civilization 
whatsoever. 
Bender: He just won't stop with the social commentary. 
Fry: And the people are all phonies. No one reads. 
Everything has cilantro on it... 
 
Leela: Please, Professor... give us our jobs back. We 
deserve another chance. 
Bender: Yeah. And if you won't give me another chance 
perhaps you'd give one to... 
[Puts on the gorilla mask] 
Bender: Og! Gorilla Emperor of Earth! 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Sorry, Og. But I've got a 
new crew. 
[To Hermes, Amy and Zoidberg, who are coming out of the 
ship] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: So, how was your delivery 
to Fantasy Planet where everyone's fantasies come to life? 
Amy Wong: Great. 
Hermes Conrad: Organized. 
Dr. Zoidberg: For one beautiful night I knew what it was to 
be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. 
 
[Bender and Fry in Benders apartment.] 
Bender: [while sleeping] Kill all humans, kill all humans, must 
kill all hu... 
Fry: [shakes him] Bender wake up! 
Bender: I was having the most wonderful dream. I think 
you were in it. 
Fry: Listen, Bender, uh ... where's your bathroom? 
Bender: Bath-what? 
Fry: Bathroom. 
Bender: What room? 
Fry: Bathroom! 
Bender: What what? 
Fry: Aaah, never mind. 
[Bender shuts himself down to sleep, Fry lies on the floor] 
Bender: [while sleeping] Hey, sexy mama ... Wanna kill all 
humans? 
 
[After escaping a suicide booth, Fry and Bender are in a 
bar, Bender is telling Fry about his life] 
Bender: I'm a bender. I bend girders, that's all I'm 
programmed to do. 
Fry: Were you any good? 
Bender: Are you kidding? I was a star. I could bend a girder 
to any angle. 30 degrees, 32 degrees, you name it. 31... 
But I couldn't go on living once I found out what the girders 
were for. 
Fry: What for? 
Bender: Suicide booths. 
 
[Leela meets another Cyclops.] 
Leela: After all this time, somebody else with one eye ... 
who ISN'T a clumsy carpenter or a kid with a BB gun. 
 
[The gang is logged onto the internet in virtual reality.] 
Bender: Behold ... the Internet! 
 
[On the internet, Amy finds a door titled "Amy Wong 
Naked". She looks inside.] 
Amy Wong: Hey! That's me! 
Bender: No it isn't. I just took some pictures of your face 
and stuck them on someone else's body. 
[Leela looks inside.] 
Leela: Hey! 
 
[The Professor is The Wizard of Oz, Zoidberg is the 
Cowardly Lion.] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: What do you nice kids want? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Nothing. I'm leaving! But if you had extra 
courage I'd haul it away for you, maybe. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Oh blithery poop, my 
cowardly lobster. You don't need courage. After all, who 
needs courage when you have a gun? 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: In the game of chess you can 
never let your adversary see your pieces. 
 
Fry: Now that you mention it I do have trouble breathing 
underwater sometimes. I'll take the gills. 
Man: Yes, gills. You don't need lungs anymore, right? 
Fry: Can't imagine why I would. 
Man: Lie down on table. I take lungs now, gills come next 
week. 
 
Amy Wong: [to Leela] Aye, Aye captain... I mean: only-
one-eye... I mean: yes sir...uhm...ma'am. 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We have been negotiating with 
the balls mysterious leaders, the brain balls. They got a lot 
of brains, and they got a lot of schutspaa.. 
 
Fry: Dear Horse God, I know I don't usually pray to you. 
Sometimes I doubt you even exist, but if you're willing to 
grant me luck... please... stamp your hoof for once. 
 
[Fry befriends a stray dog.] 
Fry: I like you, Seymour. You're not constantly judging 
me... 
[bitter] 
Fry: ...like all the other dogs. 
[panicked] 
Fry: Are you?! 
[relaxed] 
Fry: Nah! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Shut up friends! My internet 
browser heard us saying the word Fry and it found a movie 
about Philip J. Fry for us. It also opened my calendar to 
Friday and ordered me some french fries. 
 
[Bender owns an Aibo robot dog.] 
Aibo: Robo-puppy commencing 2 hour yipping session. Yip, 
yip, yip, yip, yip, yip... 
[Bender kicks it against the wall, Aibo alarm sounding] 
Aibo: Robo-puppy mistreatment alert! Robo-puppy 
mistreatment alert! 
 
[The Professor is about to revive Fry's fossilized dog.] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Let this abomination unto 
the Lord begin! 
 
Yancy Fry: Thanks for lending me your tux dad. And it will 
be perfect for my wedding. 
Dad Fry: Yancy, that tux got me through 'Nam in style. 
 
[Leela and Hermes are at a concession stand at the track.] 
Concession Man: Get your piping hot horse burgers, horse 
fries, horse cakes and shakes. We got tongue, straight 
from the horse's mouth. 
Leela: Hmmmmm. 
Hermes Conrad: It all sounds good! 
Concession Man: All our horses are 100% horse-fed for 
that double-horse "juiced-in" goodness. 
Leela: I'll have the cholesterol-free omelet with horse-
beaters. 
Concession Man: And you, sir? How can I horse you? 
Hermes Conrad: I'll have a horse Coke. 
Concession Man: Horse Pepsi okay? 
Hermes Conrad: Neeeiiiggghh. 
 
Fry: Wow! They discovered an intact 20th century pizzeria! 
Just like the one I used to work at! 
Bender: Interesting! No, wait. The other thing. Tedious. 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: In cases of rapid 
fossilization, I can press this brain scan button retrieving 
Seymour's memories at the precise instant of doggy death. 
Fry: [ecstatic] I'm gonna get my puppy back! In your face 
Grim Reaper! 
Bender: [jealous] Crappy, ineffective Reaper... 
 
Gay Hippie: They called me crazy for building this ark! 
Old Hippie: You ARE crazy! You filled it with same sex 
animal couples! 
Gay Hippie: Hey, there are parts of the bible I like and 
parts I don't like. 
 
[Al Gore is sponsoring a convention.] 
Al Gore's head: I must go now, to help collect cans on 
Jupiter. 
[urban accent] 
Al Gore's head: Peace out, y'all! 
 
Star Trek Priest: ...And Scotty beamed them to the Klingon 
ship, where there would be no tribble at all! 
 
[Fry is in a Captain Pike-style life-support machine.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Do you understand the charges? 
Kif Kroker: One beep for yes, two beeps for no. 
[Fry beeps once.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Yes, so noted. Do you plead 
guilty? 
[Fry beeps twice.] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Double yes! Guilty! 
 
Leela: You can't go to Omega 3! It's forbidden! I forbid 
you! 
Fry: But we have to! The world needs Star Trek to give 
people hope for the future! 
Leela: But it's set 800 years in the past! 
Bender: Yeah, why is it so important you? 
Fry: Because it... it taught me so much. Like, how you 
should accept people, whether they be black, white, 
Klingon or even female... 
 
[Leonard Nimoy is introducing the cast of Star Trek.] 
Leonard Nimoy: Nichelle, George, Walter, DeForest, 
Welshie... 
Fry: "Welshie"?! 
Nichelle Nichols: We did some musical reunion specials in the 
22-hundreds, but the guy who played Scotty had trouble 
yodeling. 
 
Fry: All this time we thought he was a powerful super-
being, yet he was just a child ... 
Nellvar's gaseous mother: He is not a child! He is THIRTY-
FOUR! 
 
Melllvar: Well, I guess I could move out of my parents' 
basement ... maybe get a temp job... 
Fry: Whoa, whoa! One step at a time! 
 
Fry: Melvar's got a spaceship! 
Melvar: yes, and you made me take it out of the package 
 
Walter Koenig: When we woke up, we had these bodies. 
Fry: Say it in Russian! 
Walter Koenig: [groans] Ven we voke up, we had these 
wodies. 
Fry: [delighted] Wheeee! Now say "nuclear wessels". 
Walter Koenig: NO! 
 
[William Shatner quotes Eminem.] 
William Shatner: I'm Slim Shady. Yes, I'm the real Slim 
Shady. All you other Slim Shadies are immitatin'. So, would 
the real Slim Shady please stand up? Please stand up, 
please stand up. 
 
[Bender negotiates Leela's blernsball contract.] 
Bender: Hey! You put a one and two zeros in front of that 
or we pass! Deal! 
Leela: Bender! That's great! How much did you get me? 
Bender: One hundred dollars. 
 
Leela: Professor! Please! Society is never gonna make any 
progress until we all learn to pretend to like each other. 
Now, let's go over there and make these hideous strangers 
feel welcome. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: No! 
 
[Leela makes a retching noise after sampling an alien's 
pizza.] 
Leela: I don't mean to offend, but this tastes like vomit! 
Female Cygnoid: Thank you! 
Leela: No, actually, I did mean to offend a little. This is 
awful! 
 
Decapodian Ambassador: Attack Earth! Yes, I know it's a 
shlep, just do it! 
 
Fry: C'mon guys, tonight we're gonna party like it's 
1999...again. 
 
[while talking to the Beastie Boys] 
Fry: Back in the 20th century I had all five of your albums. 
Ad-Rock: That was a thousand years ago! Now we got 
seven. 
Fry: Cool! Can I borrow the new ones? And a couple of 
blank tapes? 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Stop exploding, you cowards! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: What are those horrible 
looking creatures? 
Slurm Tourguide: Those are the Glumpa-Umpaas. They 
work here in the factory. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Tell them I hate them! 
 
Santabot: Your mistletoe is no match for my TOW missile! 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: I'm not saying Professor Farnsworth is old, 
but if you consider his age, he's likely to die soon. 
 
Leonard Nimoy: When I directed Star Trek IV, I got a good 
performance out of Bill because I respected him so much. 
William Shatner: And when I directed Star Trek V, I got a 
good performance out of me because I respected me so 
much. 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: [voice-over] As the candy hearts poured into 
the fiery quasar a wondrous thing happened, why not. 
They vaporized into a mystical love radiation that spread 
across the universe destroying many, many planets, 
including two gangster planets and a cowboy world. But 
one planet was exactly the right distance to see the 
romantic rays but not be destroyed by them: Earth. So all 
over the world couples stood together in joy. And me, 
Zoidberg! And no one could have been happier unless it 
would have also been Valentine's Day. What? It was? 
Hooray! 
 
Hermes Conrad: Requisition me a beat. 
 
Fry: Why would a robot need to drink? 
Bender: Hey, I don't *need* to! I can stop any time I 
want! 
 
[Bender has stumbled upon God while drifting through 
space.] 
Bender: I was God once. 
God: Yes, I saw. You were doing well until everyone died. 
 
God: Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, 
people get dependent on you; and if you do nothing, they 
lose hope. You have to use a light touch, like a safecracker 
or a pickpocket. 
Bender: Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance 
money! 
God: You know you've done something right when people 
aren't sure you've done anything at all. 
 
[trying to wake up an unconscious professor Farnsworth] 
Leela: Try shocking him! 
Bender: Your social security check's bounced! Stuff cost 
more than it used to! Young people use curse words! 
Fry: Damn it! 
 
[about Dr. Zoidberg] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Now Fry, before you go into 
space you'll need to see our staff doctor. I should warn 
you though, he's a little...um, unusual 
[whispering] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: He wears sandals. 
 
[Bender's antenna is affecting the TV reception in his 
apartment] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Obviously your thoughts are 
being transmitted on the same frequency. 
Lady: They're on my cell phone too. 
Bender: Madame, I believe you're mistaken 
Bender: [voice from cell phone] Wow, that lady's got a 
huge ass. 
Bender: [spoken] Those could be anyone's thoughts, fat-
ass. 
 
[after making a delivery to the mob planet Sicily-8] 
Fry: I know Big Vinny said he was giving me the Kiss of 
Death, but I still think he's gay. 
Leela: Did he use his tongue? 
Fry: A little. 
 
Kif Kroker: Captain, may I have a word with you? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: No. 
Kif Kroker: It's an emergency, sir. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Come back when it's a 
catastrophe. 
[a huge rumbling is heard] 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Oh, very well. 
 
Dr. Zoidberg: And that's the story of how I got my new 
shell. It looks just like the one I threw out yesterday, and I 
found it in the same dumpster. But this one had a live 
raccoon inside. 
[licks his lips] 
 
Bender: But going through a divorce together, you can't 
pretend that didn't bring us closer together. 
 
[looking over an old Hippy Volkswagen bus] 
Amy Wong: This speedometer only goes up to 80. This 
machine can only go as fast as 80,000 miles an hour? 
Fry: Nope. But it has a driver's side floor and an eight-track 
with genuine mono sound. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: But where's the device to 
speed up or slow the passage of time? 
Fry: Under the seat. 
[Pulls out a bong] 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I don't often say this, but you 
three are the most beautiful gigantic ladies I've ever laid 
eyes upon. 
 
Fry: Okay, you're on a date. What's the first thing you do? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Ask her to mate with me! 
Fry: No, tell her she's special. 
Dr. Zoidberg: But she's not, she's merely the female with 
the largest clutch of eggs. 
Fry: Well, tell her that. And then what? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Then mating! 
Fry: No, make up some feelings and tell her you have 
them. 
[Dr. Zoidberg raises his hand] 
Fry: Yes? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Is desire to mate a feeling? 
Fry: Ugh, you're not even trying. 
Dr. Zoidberg: Ohhh, it's all so complicated, with the 
flowers, and the romance, and the lies upon lies! 
 
Fry: This is not how Xmas is suppose to be, in my days 
Xmas was about bringing people together not blowing them 
apart. 
 
[A brain parasite that was attached to Fry's head is found 
dead] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Poor little fella. Died of 
starvation. 
 
Harold Zoid: Thank you, thank you so much. You know 
through all my ups and downs, I always thought the most 
important thing in life was to win an Oscar. But tonight I 
realized what's really important is to win two Oscars. I'm 
kidding I'm kidding. What really matters is that people care 
about you, whether it's a whole crowd or just one die hard 
fan. 
 
Leela: Mr Voggle ?, Remember me ? 
Mr Voggle: Leela!, You're worthless and no one will ever 
love you! 
[both laughing and hugging] 
Leela: You used to say that all the time. 
Mr Voggle: Those were happier days. 
 
[Fry trying to talk Leela out of cosmetic surgery] 
Fry: But you're better then normal, You're abnormal! 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: If we can stimulate that 
nerve, the bowel will convulse, expelling the entire worm 
society. 
Hermes Conrad: But what about the worms in the other 
parts of his body? 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Listen, this is going to be 
one hell of a bowel movement. Afterwards he'll be lucky if 
he has any bones left. 
 
[After Fry looses basketball game to invading Harlem 
Globetrotters] 
Leela: Way to go, Fry. Now every galaxy is gonna be 
cracking wise about our mothers! 
[Hermes hangs his head in shame] 
Hermes Conrad: I'm just glad my fat ugly mother is not 
alive to see this. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Enough about your 
promiscuous mother, Hermes! 
 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I am the man with no name, Zapp 
Brannigan at your service. 
 
Car Salesperson Victor: Hello my name is Victor and I know 
many things about the art of unloading fine cars on 
beautiful women 
 
[stranger addressing Leela] 
Stranger: Eeey, nice eyeball, eyeball... 
Leela: Nice ass, ass... 
 
Fry: Very impressive, back in the 20th century we had no 
idea there was a university on Mars. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: well, in those days mars was 
a dreary uninhabitable wasteland much like Utah, but unlike 
Utah mars was eventually made livable. 
 
Fry: Did you hear that? she likes me. 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Well Duh, she's programmed 
to like you. 
Fry: But this is Lucy Lu perhaps the only good actress of 
the 20th century, she's more then just a piece of software. 
Lucy Lu: Would you like to take a moment to register me? 
Fry: Hmm not right now. 
Lucy Lu: I'll remind you later you hot stud you. 
 
Nibblonian: You are the last hope of the universe. 
Fry: So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is 
correct? 
Nibblonian: Yes - except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't 
rock. 
 
Leela: You're just jealous. 
Fry: No I'm not! Oh wait -- yes I am. But my point remains 
valid. 
 
Bender: Come on! It's just like making love. Up, down, 
rotate sixty degrees... 
Amy Wong: I know how to make love. 
 
Bender: Well, guys, we're about to get our guts kicked out 
by folk singers. 
 
[time skipped forward through Fry and Leela's wedding, 
then divorce, and Fry is wondering how he got Leela to 
marry him] 
Hermes Conrad: Maybe you're just a first-class lover, Fry. 
Amy Wong: [quietly, to herself] No... 
 
Fry: Oh my God! This is just like that drug trip I saw in that 
movie while I was on that drug trip! 
 
Bender: So maybe I can just keep this check then? 
Art Garfunkel's descendant: Over my dead career! 
 
[After Bender has acted very strange when a magnet was 
placed on his head] 
Fry: So you flip out and start acting like some crazy folk-
singer? 
Bender: Yes, 
[stares longingly into the distance] 
Bender: I guess a robot would have to be crazy to wanna' 
be a folk-singer.. 
 
Fry: I'm not a robot like you, I don't like having discs 
cramped into me...unless they're Orios...and then only in 
the mouth. 
 
[the Professor is on the phone] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Oh how awful. Did he at 
least die peacefully? 
[pause] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: To shreds you say, tsk tsk 
tsk. Well, how's his wife holding up? 
[pause] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: To shreds, you say. 
 
Orphanarium Worker: Well, keep adoption open. It's a 
good way of having kids without having sex. 
Fry: Really? 
 
Basketball Commentator: Ladies and gentlemen, something 
very strange has just occurred, in this basketball match 
between space clowns and atomic monsters. 
 
[Fry falls headfirst into a garbage bin outside a kitchen] 
Cook: That is one unlucky guy. 
[Tips a bucket of fish guts over him] 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: You're THAT Bubblegum 
Tate? 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Now, that evil robot Santa 
can't get to us here, unless any of us are stupid enough to 
leave this house. In a related matter, you'll all be delivering 
a sack of children's letters directly to Santa at his death 
fortress on Neptune. 
 
Basketball Commentator: Yes! He's really showing us what 
a man with a cannon in his chest can do! 
 
Waiter: What can I get you? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Is bread free? 
Waiter: Yes. 
Dr. Zoidberg: We'll split an order. 
 
Calculon: Let me see the script. 
[after reading for a second] 
Calculon: No, I don't like the fault. Wait!, Harold Zoid!, was 
this written by 'the' Harold Zoid ? 
Dr. Zoidberg: Written and Xeroxed! 
 
Harold Zoid: People, People please, just because its a 
dramatic scene doesn't mean you cant do a little comedy in 
the back ground. 
 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Good news everyone ! 
[reading the letter he got] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: The University is bringing me 
up on disciplinary charges.....wait!....that's not good news 
at all. 
 
[Repeated Line] 
Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! 
 
Fry: Mister Nimoy, I came as soon as I heard what 
happened centuries ago. 
 
Leela: Uh, were you just singing? 
Bender: No, I was tellin' you not to worry. I'm not allowed 
to sing - court order. 
 
Fry: Alright. It's Saturday night, I have no date, a two-liter 
bottle of Shasta and my all-Rush mix-tape... Let's rock.
