MPEG Audio Collection: frequently asked questions (F.A.Q.)


Q: What is MAC?
A: MAC means MPEG Audio Collection. It will help you to organize your
   audio file collection. There are some nice features like ID3-tag
   editor, file renamer utility etc.

Q: Why is MAC so different from the others MP3 managers?
A: It has been developed mainly to manage CDs with MP3 and other files.

Q: Where is the official homepage for MAC? Where can I download new
   versions?
A: It is at http://www.jfaul.de
   Here you will find the download page.

Q: What multimedia formats does MAC accept?
A: MAC supports the MPEG Audio format (*.mpa, *.mp1, *.mp2, *.mp3),
   MPEGplus (*.mp+, *.mpc), Windows PCM (*.wav), TwinVQ (*.vqf),
   Ogg Vorbis (*.ogg), Monkey's Audio (*.mac, *.ape) and
   Windows Media Audio (*.wma) files.

Q: Which language is MAC written in?
A: MAC is written with Borland Delphi 6.0 Enterprise.

Q: Do you plan to release a Linux version of MAC?
A: A Linux version is not planned for the near future.

Q: I want to install a newer version of MAC, do I have to uninstall
   the previous install first?
A: This is not required unless otherwise indicated on a new release.
   If you want to delete the old options, just delete the key
   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\MPEG Audio Collection.

Q: How do I get MAC to scan my drive for MP3 files?
A: Just use "Edit" -> "Add volume".

Q: What is VBR?
A: It is short for "Variable bit rate". Some MP3 encoder support
   this. If there are very complex parts in a song it will use a
   quite high bit rate and e.g. on silence or easy parts it will use
   a lower bit rate. So usually the average bit rate will be not as
   high as the bit rate of an MP3 of the same quality with constant
   bit rate. 

Q: When MAC lists my MP3's, some of the songs have an incorrect time. 
A: Depending on how the MP3 files were encoded, this can happen.
   If they were encoded incorrectly or by using a software
   application that does not perform this task properly, the internal
   track time in the MP3 file may be incorrect.

Q: I have installed MAC and I do not know why I can not search for
   files, the command "Search" appears in gray.
A: At first you should add a volume to the database
   ("Edit" -> "Add volume"), then you can search for MP3's in your
   database.

Q: MAC does not play any of my MP3's, it seems not to load my default
   MP3 player.
A: MP3 files must be linked with a player. You can test it: just
   double click on a MP3 file in MS-Explorer. If it goes to play,
   then MAC can do it as well. If not - you should assotiate MP3 with
   a player.

Q: The program reports an error when try to open my database file.
A: Please try the newest version of MAC at first. If you get error
   messages anyway, please send me your COL file - I will try to find
   the bug or fix your database.

Q: The Excel report alters the special characters. Is it a problem of
   Excel?
A: Yes. You can browse created DIF files with Notepad - all special
   characters are in it.

Q: It would be nice to see an option for scanning all file extensions.
A: No, because MAC would take much more time for scanning.

Q: How am I going to save my MP3 library into a file, where songs are
   individually described, like song name, album and everything like
   this?
A: Just use "Collection" -> "Report".

Q: Is there some way to have the "Genre" from the ID3-tags included in
   the columns that are displayed?
A: MAC will not support Genres yet. Sorry!

Q: I want to write a CGI or ASP, that can allow people to search my
   collection and I was wondering if you could supply me with the COL
   file format description.
A: The file "col.txt" describes the COL file format.

Q: How to print out the list of my files?
A: At first you should make a report ("Collection" -> "Report"). Then
   you can print out the created file (TXT or HTML).

Q: I always rip my CD's with VBR. MAC shows most of the time correct
   bit rates, but sometimes I see CBR.
A: You should not disable writing of the Xing VBR tag, otherwise MAC
   thinks "it's CBR" and rounds the bit rate to the nearest common CBR
   setting.